h1. ThingSpeak

"ThingSpeak":http://www.thingspeak.com is an open “Internet of Things” application and API to store and retrieve data from things using HTTP over the Internet or via a Local Area Network. With ThingSpeak, you can create sensor logging applications, location tracking applications, and a social network of things with status updates.

In addition to storing and retrieving numeric and alphanumeric data, the ThingSpeak API allows for numeric data processing such as timescaling, averaging, median, summing, and rounding. Each ThingSpeak Channel supports data entries of up to 8 data fields, latitude, longitude, elevation, and status. The channel feeds support JSON, XML, and CSV formats for integration into applications.

The ThingSpeak application also features time zone management, read/write API key management and JavaScript-based charts from Highslide Software / Torstein Hønsi.

Support for ThingSpeak is available on the "ThingSpeak Community":http://community.thingspeak.com/ site which features a "Blog":http://community.thingspeak.com/, "Forum":http://community.thingspeak.com/forum/, "Documentation":https://thingspeak.com/docs, and "Tutorials":https://thingspeak.com/docs/tutorials.

h1. Arduino

Arduino is an open-source electronics prototyping platform based on flexible, easy-to-use hardware and software. It's intended for artists, designers, hobbyists, and anyone interested in creating interactive objects or environments.

Support for Arduino is available at "Arduino.cc":http://www.arduino.cc

h1. Examples

h3. Ethernet

Examples are hosted on the "ThingSpeak Support Library for Arduino":https://github.com/mathworks/thingspeak-arduino/tree/master/examples/ArduinoEthernet

h3. Yun

Examples are hosted on the "ThingSpeak Support Library for Arduino":https://github.com/mathworks/thingspeak-arduino/tree/master/examples/ArduinoYun
